🌐 Internationalization and localization of document. (#878)
pyvista/pyvista: docs/index.rst

   external_examples

Translating the documentation
*****************************

> The recommended way for new contributors to translate pyvista reference is to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended way for new contributors to translate ``pyvista``'s documentation is to
```

Author: Thanks and +1 for this.
